
# Basic setup for React and webpack

If you want to start a react application with webpack without doing initial setup, just clone this project and run npm install in your terminal after you change directory into the cloned project. Specifically, open your terminal window and type:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/sabinasiddiqi/webpack-react-boilerplate.git
$ cd webpack-react-boilerplate
$ npm install
```

You should be able to start importing and using your own react components inside App.js without any issues. Please let me know if the project gets out of date. This project does not include redux.

## CSS & Style loader

These two package have been added to allow easy imports of css files into other css files or into your js/jsx files. 

## Babel etc

[Babel and it's kin](https://babeljs.io/) are included in the package to ensure browser compatibility regardless of which versions of ecmascript you use. You can mix and match what you really need but this setup should give you the basic browser compatibility you need with webpack and react. If you want to dig a little deeper, the answers to [this stack overflow question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32544685/babel-vs-babel-core-vs-babel-runtime) go into more detail and reference relevant babel documentation. 

Babel-loader and babel-preset-react-app help babel work with webpack and react respectively. 

## Some notes: 

Only use webpack-dev-server on the development environment. In the dev environment, it allows you to live update on the localhost server while you make updates to your application instead of looking at bundle.js individually - in production you can use the minified bundle generated by webpack instead of the individual js files.


